profile/README.md, before:

# Repositories

## Apps

- [investing-pal](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/investing-pal) - Family of tools for testing and tracking investing strategies
- [repops](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/repops) - Tool for configuring, managing and automating file operations across multiple git repositories

## Libs

<details open>
  <summary>C/C++</summary>

- [hal*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal) - Hardware Abstraction Layer allowing to define product - PCB - drivers relations for application usage
- [hal-drivers*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-drivers) - Microchip drivers from various vendors implementing HAL abstract interfaces
- [hal-interfaces*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-interfaces) - C++ abstract interfaces for common embedded drivers used in HAL
- [hal-linux*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-linux) - Linux user-space drivers implementing HAL abstract interfaces
- [liballocator*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/liballocator) - C++ memory allocator for embedded systems
- [osal*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/osal) - Operating System Abstraction Layer for C/C++
- [platform](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/platform) - C/C++ application bootstrap layer for various hardware/OS platforms
- [utils*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/utils) - C++ utility functions and modules, which can be reused in other projects

</details>

## Personal

- [kubasejdak.github.io](https://github.com/kubasejdak/kubasejdak.github.io) - Personal website

## Tools

<details open>
  <summary>Configs</summary>

- [ansible](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/ansible) - Homelab configuration using Ansible
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/kubasejdak/dotfiles.git) - Personal dotfiles and configs
- [dotfiles-ai](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/dotfiles-ai) - AI-related dotfiles and configs

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>Docker</summary>

- [docker-cpp](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-cpp) - Docker images providing development environment for C/C++ uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-js](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-js) - Docker images with JavaScript tools uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-python](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-python) - Docker images providing development environment for Python uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-tests](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-tests) - Docker images used in tests uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-tools](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-tools) - Docker images with tools or reusable content uploaded to Docker Hub

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>GitHub Actions</summary>

- [binary-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/binary-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries
- [clang-format-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/clang-format-run-action) - GitHub Action for running clang-format
- [clang-tidy-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/clang-tidy-run-action) - GitHub Action for running clang-tidy
- [cmake-build-preset-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/cmake-build-preset-action) - GitHub Action for building CMake presets
- [docker-build-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker images
- [docker-build-base-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-base-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker base images
- [docker-build-child-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-child-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker child images
- [docker-push-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-push-action) - GitHub Action for pushing Docker images
- [mkdocs-publish-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/mkdocs-publish-action) - GitHub Action for publishing MkDocs website to GitHub Pages
- [openocd-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/openocd-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries under OpenOCD
- [valgrind-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/valgrind-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries under valgrind

</details>

\* - significant rework planned

Commit message:

Add cpp-coverage-check-action to README

profile/README.md, after:

# Repositories

## Apps

- [investing-pal](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/investing-pal) - Family of tools for testing and tracking investing strategies
- [repops](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/repops) - Tool for configuring, managing and automating file operations across multiple git repositories

## Libs

<details open>
  <summary>C/C++</summary>

- [hal*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal) - Hardware Abstraction Layer allowing to define product - PCB - drivers relations for application usage
- [hal-drivers*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-drivers) - Microchip drivers from various vendors implementing HAL abstract interfaces
- [hal-interfaces*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-interfaces) - C++ abstract interfaces for common embedded drivers used in HAL
- [hal-linux*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/hal-linux) - Linux user-space drivers implementing HAL abstract interfaces
- [liballocator*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/liballocator) - C++ memory allocator for embedded systems
- [osal*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/osal) - Operating System Abstraction Layer for C/C++
- [platform](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/platform) - C/C++ application bootstrap layer for various hardware/OS platforms
- [utils*](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/utils) - C++ utility functions and modules, which can be reused in other projects

</details>

## Personal

- [kubasejdak.github.io](https://github.com/kubasejdak/kubasejdak.github.io) - Personal website

## Tools

<details open>
  <summary>Configs</summary>

- [ansible](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/ansible) - Homelab configuration using Ansible
- [dotfiles](https://github.com/kubasejdak/dotfiles.git) - Personal dotfiles and configs
- [dotfiles-ai](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/dotfiles-ai) - AI-related dotfiles and configs

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>Docker</summary>

- [docker-cpp](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-cpp) - Docker images providing development environment for C/C++ uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-js](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-js) - Docker images with JavaScript tools uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-python](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-python) - Docker images providing development environment for Python uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-tests](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-tests) - Docker images used in tests uploaded to Docker Hub
- [docker-tools](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-tools) - Docker images with tools or reusable content uploaded to Docker Hub

</details>

<details open>
  <summary>GitHub Actions</summary>

- [binary-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/binary-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries
- [clang-format-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/clang-format-run-action) - GitHub Action for running clang-format
- [clang-tidy-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/clang-tidy-run-action) - GitHub Action for running clang-tidy
- [cmake-build-preset-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/cmake-build-preset-action) - GitHub Action for building CMake presets
- [cpp-coverage-check-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/cpp-coverage-check-action) - GitHub Action for checking code coverage in C++
- [docker-build-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker images
- [docker-build-base-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-base-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker base images
- [docker-build-child-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-build-child-action) - GitHub Action for building Docker child images
- [docker-push-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/docker-push-action) - GitHub Action for pushing Docker images
- [mkdocs-publish-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/mkdocs-publish-action) - GitHub Action for publishing MkDocs website to GitHub Pages
- [openocd-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/openocd-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries under OpenOCD
- [valgrind-run-action](https://github.com/kubasejdak-org/valgrind-run-action) - GitHub Action for running binaries under valgrind

</details>

\* - significant rework planned
